(infomercial is done, and we're back at the same scene as before)
OLIVER: Give me the sword!
MEGAN: Come and get it, if you can! (jumps onto a passing semi; Oliver follows her)
BROOK: She's so cute!
(atop the semi, the level 2 Bad Dudes music starts playing; Megan runs off, but Oliver is delayed by a couple ninjas, which he quickly dispatches)
OLIVER: Man, Buda's ninja population is a lot higher than I remember… (or, if we have a bunch of tall buildings in the background like in Bad Dudes) Man, Buda has a bunch of skyscrapers for such a small town.
              (if you want to be really risque, one of the female ninjas with fishnet stockings can come after Oliver, and after taking care of her he says) Ah, stabbing prostitutes, my favorite pasttime.
(Oliver catches up to Megan, their swords clash a few times, she throws a few shuriken, and eventually disarms him and grabs the Pink Fate)
MEGAN: Ha, now I have both your swords! (runs off)
OLIVER: Hey look, an unlabelled can dropped by an evil ninja! Just what I need to replenish my health! (drinks can, truck comes to a stop outside a tall building; truck cab says "DUDES" on it)
(inside the building, Oliver comes to a ninja who sets himself on fire and then charges at Oliver, who jumps over him)
OLIVER: That's the stupidest use for ninja magic I've ever seen.
(the elevator comes screaming down, complete with the horrible noise; a big guy steps out, and Oliver defeats him with an explosion punch; Oliver takes the elevator to the roof, where he sees Megan getting on a helicopter)
OLIVER: How am I supposed to defeat her if she has both my swords?
VAN: (appears out of nowhere) Use these! (tosses Oliver some Nunchuks)
OLIVER: Alright, nunchaku! (jumps onto the helicopter and hits Megan a few times in rapid succession)
(Oliver has Megan almost beaten when the helicopter door opens and former president Ronal Reagan comes out)
OLIVER: Former president Ronald Reagan!
RONNIE: Man, I've been waiting for somebody to rescue me since 1989!
OLIVER: I'm glad you're safe, Ronnie, but I must reclaim my sword from this wretch quickly (starts to move in for the kill)
RONNIE: Oliver, wait! Let me see if I can handle this… Megan, why don't you give Oliver the Green Destiny back, and keep the Pink Fate instead? They're exactly the same sword, except that one matches your ninja gear better.
MEGAN: (looks at Pink Fate) Hey, you're right! Here ya go, Oliver! (tosses Oliver the Green Destiny, they both hold up their swords and yell "I'm bad!" followed by the stage clear music while the camera pan out to show Van).
VAN: So that's why they call him the Great Communicator!
(proceeds to the "Hey dudes thanks, for rescuing me… Let's go grab a burger! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!" screen and then the credits, all with the crappy version of "Hail to the Chief" playing in the background)